✏ Fix typos in `docs/tutorial/fastapi/update.md` (#162)
tiangolo/sqlmodel: docs/tutorial/fastapi/update.md

Notice that `age` here is `None`, and **we still detected it**.

> Also that `name` was not even sent, and we don't *accidentaly* set it to `None` or something, we just didn't touch it, because the client didn't send it, so we are **pefectly fine**, even in these corner cases. ✨

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also that `name` was not even sent, and we don't *accidentally* set it to `None` or something, we just didn't touch it, because the client didn't send it, so we are **perfectly fine**, even in these corner cases. ✨
```
